README.md, before:

# Noroff Workflow course assignment

[![Deploy static content to Pages](https://github.com/PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client/actions/workflows/pages.yml)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108372-f71d70ac-7ae6-4c0d-8395-51d8870c2ef0.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108374-8da61ba1-99ec-41d7-80b8-fb2f7c0a4948.png)

Learn how to use workflows in you work.

## Description

Using the skills and knowledge from the workflow course, improve the quality of a package by establishing helpful workflows that make the development process more efficient.

- Find a partner to work with or select the example repository.
- Fork the project repository to your GitHub account.
- Create a new branch called workflow.
- Configure the project with eslint, prettier and commit hooks.
- Configure the project with GitHub Actions for build/deploy if required.
- Record any bugs found during this process in the Issues tab.
- Configure the project for Jest and Cypress.
- Create tests to cover the required test cases.
- Create a Pull Request from workflow into the default branch.
- Request a review from your peers to help improve your submission.
- Make any final changes based on this feedback.
- Submit a link to the Open Pull Request on Moodle.

## Built With

Technology Stack

- [Html](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)
- [Scss](https://sass-lang.com/)

## Getting Started

### Installing

1. Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client.git 
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

### Running

Run the app:

```bash
npm run start
```

Check Format:

```
npm run check-prettier
```

Check Lint:

```
npm run lint
```

Run unit-test:

```

```

Run end-to-end-test:

```

```

## Contributing

This is a Noroff course assignment delivery by me and contributing on this project is not needed.

## Contact

### Email
* alexanderhardeland-work@gmail.com
  
### LinkedIn 
* [My LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-hardeland-9391341a5/)

## License

ISC License

Copyright 2023 Alexander Hardeland

## Acknowledgments

None

Commit message:

Adds status badge for running the test actions. Adds instruction on how to run tests on the command line in the README file

README.md, after:

# Noroff Workflow course assignment

## Running deploy and tests Actions on PR

[![Deploy static content to Pages](https://github.com/PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client/actions/workflows/pages.yml)

[![Automated testing with unit-test and end-to-end tests](https://github.com/PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client/actions/workflows/tests.yml)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108372-f71d70ac-7ae6-4c0d-8395-51d8870c2ef0.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108374-8da61ba1-99ec-41d7-80b8-fb2f7c0a4948.png)

Learn how to use workflows in you work.

## Description

Using the skills and knowledge from the workflow course, improve the quality of a package by establishing helpful workflows that make the development process more efficient.

- Find a partner to work with or select the example repository.
- Fork the project repository to your GitHub account.
- Create a new branch called workflow.
- Configure the project with eslint, prettier and commit hooks.
- Configure the project with GitHub Actions for build/deploy if required.
- Record any bugs found during this process in the Issues tab.
- Configure the project for Jest and Cypress.
- Create tests to cover the required test cases.
- Create a Pull Request from workflow into the default branch.
- Request a review from your peers to help improve your submission.
- Make any final changes based on this feedback.
- Submit a link to the Open Pull Request on Moodle.

## Built With

Technology Stack

- [Html](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)
- [Scss](https://sass-lang.com/)

## Getting Started

### Installing

1. Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:PythonMasterAlexander/social-media-client.git 
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

### Running

Run the app:

```bash
npm run start
```

Check Format:

```
npm run check-prettier
```

Check Lint:

```
npm run lint
```

Run unit tests and e2e tests:

```
npm run test
```

## Contributing

This is a Noroff course assignment delivery by me and contributing on this project is not needed.

## Contact

### Email
* alexanderhardeland-work@gmail.com
  
### LinkedIn 
* [My LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-hardeland-9391341a5/)

## License

ISC License

Copyright 2023 Alexander Hardeland

## Acknowledgments

None
